We may collect personal identification information from Users in various ways, including but not limited to when Users install the Extension. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, or other details. Users may, however, visit our Extension anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.

How We Use Collected Information
We may collect and use Users' personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Extension.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests from Users.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our Extension.

Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Extension, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Extension. Your continued use of the Extension following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Extension, or your dealings with this Extension, please contact us at [https://jiliko.org.ph/].
